Grandpa grandpa
How about your eyes?
Eyes, how is he now?
Hey
Life is saved
Severe leg injury
I can't do any physical work for a short time
Hey
It's all my fault
Gave him his chance
No, no.
Grandpa blames me
I shouldn't have been selfish and kept him by my side
But now it's all because of me
In order to solve the ruble incident, Akin
He fights short sellers.
Offended a lot of people
Now the Zhou Group is fighting infighting
There are a lot of people who want him to die outside and never come back
These things have nothing to do with you
You don't have to blame yourself
You're a good boy.
I heard that Zhao Lian'an wants to marry you if you are willing to marry into the whole Wang family
I will recognize you as my goddaughter
How about leaving Yanjing?
Give him a way out
Count me an old man please
Even if I'm haggard
I won't break up with him
They cooperate quite tacitly.
A man who wants to cripple people, do you want a team?
Is it possible that in your eyes, I am just an incompetent puppet of the group that has been tested in the exam?
I'm going my own way
Go your own way
Want to start a business?
Do you have any money?
You left the Zhou Group, you are nothing
No bank loan to your grandfather
I have money, although I don't have much savings.
But I can put all my savings behind his startup